---
Class: Session
Campaign: Gatewalkers
Session Date: 2023-08-26
---
After our rest, we go to the door at the direct east of the vivisection room. Ria listens to the door and hears a bubbling noise. Hiera can definitely hear someone in the room - they are laughing and coughing. Hiera explains there’s one person on the other side of the room while Ria says possibly chemistry stuff — together it sounds like a mad alchemist?

We open the door and there is a large chamber with two levels. Worktables with beakers, books, and etc, on the lower area. The raised area has two ten foot tall amber pods like empty bug cocoons. There’s a miniature grey tree with the roots twisted around each pod. There’s doors at the north and south to exit. Hiera bumps into a person on accident and there is man — a fetchling with eyes popping off the top of his head by the optical nerves. He tries to tell us to stand down and surrender. He wants to do some fun experiments at us (his words). Hiera grabs what appears to be his notes book. Hiera reads the journal and can decipher that the pods are intended to transfer features/traits between creatures.

His name is the Looksee Man. We begin combat. It’s hard to land anything on him but we manage to get him pretty low and he starts to beg for his life, trying to bargain that he can give us information. We decide to ignore that and continue attacking, mostly because he’s still attacking and being a real jerk. Opal and Zircon kills him.

Hiera reads the notes to know that you can use the pods to acquire traits from each other: you don’t steal them, you gain them. The deal is that this could backfire horribly. Roll a d4. On a 1: permanently lose 2 points of CHA + disfigurement. On 2: 10 negative damage. On 3: random trait. On 4: choose what trait to gain.

Ria listens to the door to the north to see if she can hear anything coming from that room — that is the throne room, where Kaneepo definitely is. Ria can also tell that there is nobody down south. The southern room is blackened by fire with scratchings into the walls of elves dying. There’s a huge cage with the bars bent out of place. This was Kaneepos original prison, where they were locked in. The shifts in the First World landscape freed them and they torched it, then they created it as a shrine against elven kind. We also get a feeling that the cage in here was to hold kidnapped victims until they could be experimented on. Some of the drawings of the elves here are trapped, and we could spring if we do too much walking in here. We just leave. Opal takes time to disguise himself as Zirco, the half orc druid guard guy.

Inside the throne room is a hedgehog in a cage and tall ceilings. Kaneepo is on their throne with the key we are here to get around their neck. They’re stroking a pet temagyr and Kaneepo is smiling. He needs heirs, needs more of him, so he asks if we are ready. Opal doesn’t need his approval. Kaneepo says he would be very proud to call Opal his son, which makes Opal says gross. We say we won’t tolerate elf genocide.